config - add Chaos Studio Target resource definition (#3671)
hashicorp/pandora: docs/resource-manager-generate-new-resource.md

The example above consists of the following properties:

* Labels:
  * `ContainerService` - (Required) - This is the name of the Service defined in Pandora, it is identical to the directory name containing the Pandora API definitions residing in [ `./api-definitions`](https://github.com/hashicorp/pandora/blob/main/api-definitions)

>   * `2022-09-02-preview`, `2023-03-02-preview` - (Required) - These are the Versions from which the resources are generated from

Reviewer: _nit_

```suggestion
  * `2022-09-02-preview`, `2023-03-02-preview` - (Required) - These are the API Versions from which the resources are generated from.
```

>   * `Fleets`, `TrustedAccess` - (Required) - This is the name of the Resource for which there are Pandora API definitions

Reviewer: I realise this was present previously, but reading through here `Resource` is ambiguous in this context - since the rest of the codebase is using `API Resource` to refer to `/{Service}/{APIVersion}/{APIResource}`, we should use that terminology here too:

```suggestion
  * `Fleets`, `TrustedAccess` - (Required) - This is the name of the API Resource(s) within the Service / API Version where the Resource(s) are located.
```

>   * `kubernetes_fleet_manager`, `kubernetes_cluster_trusted_access_role_binding` - (Required) - This is the name that the resource should have in the AzureRM provider with the `azurerm` prefix omitted. The prefix will be added automatically during generation

Reviewer: Terraform refers to this as [the Resource Type](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#resource-types), so whilst I understand describing this as `name`, we should probably be consistent here:

```suggestion
  * `kubernetes_fleet_manager`, `kubernetes_cluster_trusted_access_role_binding` - (Required) - This specifies [the Resource Type](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#resource-types) without the provider prefix (e.g. `azurerm_kubernetes_fleet_manager` would be `kubernetes_fleet_manager`). The provider prefix (e.g. `azurerm`) will be added automatically during generation.
```

(Also note that the provider prefix could be `azuread` etc)
